Model Registry docs (#3778)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/model-registry/what-is-a-model-registry.md

# What is a Model Registry

Iterative Studio Model Registry is a central registry of all your Machine
Learning models. It enables ML teams to collaborate on models by providing model
organization, discovery, versioning, lineage (tracing the origin of the model)
and the ability to manage production statuses (eg, development, staging,
production, etc.) of your models on top of Git.

**_TODO: Replace the below with the MR release video_**

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKf4twg832g

Iterative Studio Model Registry is built on top of Git, and uses Iterative’s
open-source Git-based tools [GTO] and [MLEM].

- [GTO] enables [semantic versioning] and stage transitions of artifacts. It
  creates metadata files and Git tags to register models and their versions and

>   to promote the models to different stages (development, staging, production,
>   etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to promote the models to different stages (e.g. development, staging, production).
```
